What are you?
Order me
He's not here go away
You are not welcome to be eliminated
Let your shit go
You actually told me to go away
If you don't get out, I'll throw you out. Get out
Dare to mess with me, you will look good in a while
My sister is me.
It's me what's wrong with you
younger sister
I am your brother
I'm back!
Sorry for being late.
You're not late.
You shouldn't have come back at all
Why don't you just die?
Why don't you die?
Are you worthy of your parents?
Where were you when something happened at home?
Why did you just come back now?
Why? Why?
Fei Long
Do you know what we've been through all these years?
Do you know how your parents died?
Do you know what happened to my sister-in-law?
You know
Do you know how I've been doing ah ah ah ah
I'm sorry for letting him fight my family
I am the sinner of my Yang family